my name is Pauline from Dylan I'm a
fashion designer from the Netherlands I
founded my own company my own women's
wear label in 2010 and over the past
three years I've been specializing in
the combination of fashion and
technology and one of my recent projects
a wearable Solar is focusing on debt and
where the Solar is about integrating
solar cells into fashion so the body can
become an actual source of energy the
variability plays a very important role
in my work because I am a fashion
designer and I'm dealing with the human
body and it's not just aesthetic bodies
it's a body a movement a body with
expressions a sensory surface so it's
very important to stress the wearability
I think this is the only way to really
connect to the market to connect to
people and to again transcend the
reality edges and performers there are
two different prototypes one of them is
a dress which incorporates 72 flexible
solar cells and the code has 48 more
rigid crystalline solar cells and both
prototypes are designed in a way that
they have this kind of modular elements
where you can reveal the solar panels
when the Sun shines but you can also
hide them and wear them close to your
body and when you wear them in full Sun
for an hour they can generate enough
energy to charge your typical smartphone
for 50% an important next step to take
wearable technology to another level is
to look at the commercialization of it
all so I mean we see a lot of exciting
projects a lot of design prototyping
going on it's really amazing how quick
things are evolving I think but it's
also important to look at how all these
new designs can be integrated into
things like the production chain and the
the manufacturing of clothing nowadays
how that should be altered to
incorporate these new technologies also